---
title: python backend developer
description: We are looking for a UI/UX designer
open: true
---

## Python Backend Developer

## What is rotki?

Rotki helps manage accounts and blockchain transactions. It’s local-first,
privacy focused and all open source. We are long time contributors to the
Ethereum ecosystem and general crypto space. In order to support more
blockchains (Cosmos, Roll Ups, etc.), and to continue to ship new features
we need the help of a backend Python developer.

## How your work with us will look like?

You will be developing new features, supporting more exchanges, more
blockchains, and more DeFi protocols. There is also always a lot of
troubleshooting of user reported issues, bugs, and feature requests that
are coming our way. You can improve our current Python backend
implementation and help us get Rotki to the next level!

As an open source project, we work collaboratively on our codebase on
GitHub in a style that should be familiar to anyone who has participated
in an OSS community before. If you haven’t — we’re happy to support you in
defining and writing great feature descriptions, and breaking them down
into dev tasks, and shipping them to customers around the world.

This is an early stage open source company, so there is an opportunity to
take on a variety of tasks beyond the app, such as the backend of the
website, and our API.

## Requirements:

* Excellent command of python.

## Bonus points:

* Write tests for features you code and bugs you fix. Not strict TDD,
  but we’re always looking to increase test coverage
* Understanding of the frontend tech used in Rotki: Typescript + vue.js +
  electron. This role doesn't require you to be a front end expert,
  but understanding of these technologies will help you.
* Experience with distributed systems: we connect to API endpoints and
  nodes for various blockchains.
* Understanding of Ethereum blockchain structures, nodes, and API
  endpoints
* Experience with any other blockchain stack — e.g. Cosmos, Substrate,
  etc.
* Sharing our values on open source, data ownership and privacy

## Non-technical bonus points:

* 4 hours daily overlap with European working hours 0900 CET - 1700 CET
  for smoother teamwork
* Can work independently, but co-operates well with other team members.
* Proactive and customer-oriented

## What we offer:

* A full-time position, but are open to part-time contributors as well.
  If located in Germany we can provide full employment with insurance
  and social benefits.
* Flexible working hours. We sync once per day, but other than that you
  decide when you work.
* Remote / WFH
* Training in the specifics of the project and guidance through the
  sector of cryptocurrencies and decentralized finance
* Participation in conferences and events to represent rotki and get to
  know other fascinating projects from the field (travel expenses are on
  us)

## Apply

We are looking for both senior and junior developers, so if you are coding
in Python, don’t hesitate to apply!

Send your CV, a link to your GitHub profile and a cover letter to
careers@rotki.com. In the cover letter tell us what you think of rotki’s
codebase and include a link to a project you worked on and are most proud
about and tell us why.

If you have any questions hit us up on discord:
[https://discord.gg/aGCxHG7](https://discord.gg/aGCxHG7){target="_blank"}
