---
title: vue/typescript frontend developer
description: We are looking for a passionate Vue.js developer with excellent knowledge of Typescript.
open: true
---

## Vue.js/TypeScript Developer - Role requirements

## What is rotki?

Rotki helps manage accounts and blockchain transactions. It’s local-first,
privacy focused and all open source. We are long time contributors to the
Ethereum ecosystem and general crypto space. In order to support more
blockchains (Cosmos, Roll Ups, etc.), and to continue to ship new features
we need the help of a Vue.js/Typescript developer. Our project is open
source, so feel free to take a look at our codebase here:
[https://github.com/rotki/rotki](https://github.com/rotki/rotki){target="_blank"}

## How your work with us will look like?

We are looking for a passionate Vue.js developer with excellent knowledge
of Typescript. Your primary focus will be to assist in implementing new
features, improving the frontend quality and performance. You will also
assist in modularizing a monolithic Vue.js app to make it scalable and
maintainable. The position requires an understanding of blockchains, DeFi
protocols, and exchanges in order to implement features that will provide
the best experience to our users. We are looking for candidates that share
our values on opensource and privacy and are focused on building robust
applications that provide value to our users.

## Technical requirements:

* Excellent knowledge of TypeScript.
* Excellent knowledge of Vue.js & Vuex (or pinia)
* Experience with automated JavaScript testing (Jest, vitest, Cypress)
* Experience with consuming RESTful APIs
* Any experience building modular Vue.js applications with reusable
  components

## Bonus points:

* Python backend development experience
* DevOps experience

## Non-technical bonus points:

* 4 hours daily overlap with European working hours 1000 CET - 1800 CET
  for smoother teamwork
* The ability to work independently and as a part of a team
* Proactive can-do attitude and self-confidence to propose new solutions
  and take charge in their execution.
* Customer-oriented approach.
* Excellent English-speaking skills.
* Located in Berlin or somewhere close. 2 other full time members of
  Rotki are here and meeting face to face is valuable.

## What we offer:

* A full-time position, but are open to part-time contributors as well.
  If located in Germany we can provide full employment with insurance
  and social benefits.
* Flexible working hours. We sync once per day, but other than that you
  decide when you work.
* Remote / WFH
* Training in the specifics of the project and guidance through the
  sector of cryptocurrencies and decentralized finance
* Participation in conferences and events to represent rotki and get to
  know other fascinating projects from the field (travel expenses are on
  us)
* Up to €2k for hardware allowance (laptop, dappnode, office equipment
  etc.) upon passed probation period

## Apply

Send your CV, a link to your GitHub profile and a cover letter to
careers@rotki.com. In the cover letter tell us what you think of rotki’s
codebase and include a link to a project you worked on and are most proud
about and tell us why.

If you have any questions hit us up on discord:
[https://discord.gg/aGCxHG7](https://discord.gg/aGCxHG7){target="_blank"}
