---
title: UI/UX designer
description: We’re looking for a UI/UX designer with blockchain knowledge.
open: true
category: Design
tags: ['part-time', 'remote']
---

##### What is rotki?

Rotki helps manage accounts and blockchain transactions. It’s local-first,
privacy focused and all open source. We are long time contributors to the
Ethereum ecosystem and general crypto space. In order to support more
blockchains (Cosmos, Roll Ups, etc.), and to continue to ship new features
we need the help of a backend Python developer.

---

##### What are we looking for

We are looking for a UI/UX designer who wants to be part of our team and 
aligns with the open-source local-first application ethos, to help us improve
our application's user experience and design. Familiarity with blockschain is 
important. The candidate should be a user of crypto to understand the content
of the app that we are developing. They should also be able to use the app 
and point out the direction of changes.
The position is fully remote and it can be either part-time or full-time.

---

##### What will working with us look like?

Your primary focus will be working with the team to improve the overall 
application user experience. You will brainstorm, collect and evaluate 
user feedback, iterate and translate it to user flows, wireframes, 
prototypes and mockups that the frontend team can use for implementation. 
Your secondary focus will be defining and building a brand identity around 
our current logo (european red robin), the website ux improvement and the 
creation of promotional material, such as twitter headers and other graphics.

---

##### Responsibilities

* Create and define user centric design SOPs.
* Define and create current and new Personas.
* Study and define current user flows and new ones.
* Collect, understand and prioritize feedback.
* Help the team to brainstorm new ideas and improve existing ones in a user centric way.
* Create user flows, wireframes, prototypes and mockups
* Creating original designs (graphics/promotional material)

---

##### Requirements

* 4 hours daily overlap with European working hours 0900 - 1800 CET for smoother teamwork
* Understanding of blockchain in theory and practice

> ###### How to apply?

> If you're interested please send your resume and portfolio including at least 1 project in Figma to careers@rotki.com.
